# Use Cases

Overengineered was originally conceived from a series of projects to solve
various day to day inconveniences. Many of which offers features that would
benefit one another if they could easily integrate.

## Random Projects

Here are a collection of use cases that will be built, either officially under
Overengineered or released as a personal open source project. These all
describe the high level features; you may drill down into each for more detail
and a technical overview of the design.

**[Chore Tracker](./usecases/chore-tracker.md)** - Create and [assign]() todo's
to [people](). Tools to help create todo's on a [schedule]() or [trigger]()
generation based on other criteria.

**[Meal Planner](./usecases/meal-planner.md)** - Stores recipes and allows
people can [vote]() on meals and side dishes. Knows what [ingredients]() you
have on hand and will place an order if anything is missing. Outputs a schedule
of prep and cooking instructions to have meal completed by scheduled time.

**[Where's My Tool](./usecases/tool-finder)** - From the need of having a very
large number of various parts, tools, components, fasteners etc. And many
people with access, but doesn't know where they belong. Through [voice]() or
[device (like a tablet, or raspberry pi)]() [interface]() can search through
[inventory]() and return a [location]().

**[Project Tracker](./usecases/project-tracker.md)** - Track various projects
such as [kitchen remodel](), fixing the deck, software feature tracking. Helps
define goals, gather metrics, burndown charts. Supports a [hypothesis](), and
[experimentation]() as well as other features.

**[CNC Solutions](./usecases/cnc-solutions.md)** - Complete end to end solution
for managing farms of CNC machines. 3D printers, laser and water jet, mills.

**[Social Features](./usecases/social-features.md)** - Everything in the graph
is able to be [commented on](). Control [which graph]() the comment the data is
stored on, and [aggregate]() them into one view. Learn from mistakes of other
social media platforms. Have [promoted or pinned channels]() to highlight
specific focus areas such as [Bias](), [Security](), [Privacy](),
[Diverse Perspectives](), [Integrity](), etc.

**[Farm to Table](./usecases/farm-to-table.md)** - Manage several [IoT]()
devices to monitor and automate repetitive manual tasks and integration with
other projects. Tools to find people in local communities to give or sell
excess.

**[Home Power Monitoring](./usecases/home-power-monitoring.md)** - Manage IoT
devices to monitor power use, easily create [Dashboards]() to break down and
drill into usage.

**[Smart Home Automation](./usecases/smart-home-automation.md)** - Manage the
state of all smart devices and more intelligently control your devices by using
our Graph features. Includes custom smart microphones and speakers, ties into
home security system an ML to allow triggers or interaction with the graph
seamless.

**[Robotics](./usecases/robotics.md)** - Suite of tools for [simulating]() and
[training]() [agents]() in a [digial twin](). Helps solve and automate
physically repetitive tasks. Ties into the graph and integrates with
[inventory]() data to know where the location of all normally
[stocked items](). Can automate putting or retrieving them in the correct
location.
